.\" Manpage for awful
.\" Contact veg@svgames.pl to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "2014-10-10" "0.5.5" "Scripting language"
.SH NAME
awful - an ugly scripting language
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\fBawful\fR [\-o \fIoutfile\fR] [\-e \fIerrfile\fR] [\-i \fIinfile\fR] \fIscriptfile\fR [\fIparams\fR]
.TP
\fBawful\fR [\-o \fIoutfile\fR] [\-e \fIerrfile\fR] [\-i \fIinfile\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBawful\fR is a multi-purpose, ugly scripting language.
.SH OPTIONS
When reading script from a file, option parsing stops at the filename.
The remaining options are treated as arguments to be forwarded to the script. 
.TP 3
.BR \-o \ \fIoutfile\fR
Redirects all output to \fIoutfile\fR. If the file exists, it is overwritten.
.TP
.BR \-O \ \fIoutfile\fR
Redirects all output to \fIoutfile\fR. If the file exists, content is appended to end of file.
.TP
.BR \-e \ \fIerrfile\fR
Redirects all errors to \fIerrfile\fR. If the file exists, it is overwritten.
.TP
.BR \-E \ \fIerrfile\fR
Redirects all errors to \fIerrfile\fR. If the file exists, content is appended to end of file.
.TP
.BR \-i \ \fIinfile\fR
Instead of stdin, script input will be taken from \fIinfile\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-norun
Do not run the script; simply perform a syntax check and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Print interpreter version and build information and exit.
.TP 0
You can use \-\- to explicitly specify end of options; all remaining arguments will be treated as parameters to be forwarded to the script.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
.B 0
Script was executed successfully.
.TP
.B 2
Script file not found.
.TP
.B 255
Parse error.
.TP
.B Other
Runtime error. Please consider writing a bug report.
.SH TIPS
Because \fBawful\fR uses the \fB#\fR character for comments, you can use a shebang (\fB#!\fR) to execute files in a manner similar to shell scripts.
.SH SOURCE
\fBawful\fR's source code can be obtained in two ways:
.TP 3
.B GitHub
Public repository available at https://github.com/suve/awful/
.TP
.B SV Games
Tarball available at author's homepage. http://svgames.pl/.yuk/down/
.TP 0
Note that the tarball is updated only when a stable version is released. For in-dev versions, clone from the repository.
.SH BUGS
None known at time of release. If you found one, please report it using the issue tracker on GitHub.
.SH DOCUMENTATION
For complete language documentation, consult http://svgames.pl/wiki/awful/
.SH AUTHOR
suve (veg@svgames.pl)
